feat: @discordjs/ws (#8260)
discordjs/discord.js: packages/ws/README.md

<div align="center">
  <br />
  <p>
    <a href="https://discord.js.org"><img src="https://discord.js.org/static/logo.svg" width="546" alt="discord.js" /></a>
  </p>
  <br />
  <p>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/djs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/222078108977594368?color=5865F2&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord server" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@discordjs/ws"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@discordjs/ws.svg?maxAge=3600" alt="npm version" /></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@discordjs/ws"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@discordjs/ws.svg?maxAge=3600" alt="npm downloads" /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/actions"><img src="https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build status" /></a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/discordjs/discord.js" ><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/discordjs/discord.js/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?precision=2&flag=ws" alt="Code coverage" /></a>
  </p>
</div>

## About

> `@discordjs/ws` is a powerful wrapper around Discord's gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@discordjs/ws` is a powerful wrapper around Discord's gateway.
```

## Installation

> **Node.js 16.9.0 or newer is required.**

Reviewer: To install only this package, does it really?

Author: We specify 16.9.0 even for builders. I'd say it's good practice to keep it in-line with the whole monorepo even if it's not technically always true.

```sh-session
npm install @discordjs/ws
yarn add @discordjs/ws
pnpm add @discordjs/ws
```

## Example usage

```ts
import { WebSocketManager, WebSocketShardEvents } from '@discordjs/ws';
import { REST } from '@discordjs/rest';

const rest = new REST().setToken(process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN);
// This example will spawn Discord's recommended shard count, all under the current process.
const manager = new WebSocketManager({
	token: process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN,
	intents: 0, // for no intents
	rest,
});

await manager.connect();
```

### Specify shards

```ts
// Spawn 4 shards
const manager = new WebSocketManager({
	token: process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN,
	intents: 0,
	rest,
	shardCount: 4,
});

> // The manager also supports being responsible for only a sub-set of your shards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The manager also supports being responsible for only a subset of your shards:
```

// Your bot will run 8 shards overall
// This manager will only take care of 0, 2, 4, and 6
const manager = new WebSocketManager({
	token: process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN,
	intents: 0,
	rest,
	shardCount: 8,
	shards: [0, 2, 4, 6],
});

// Alternatively, if your shards are consecutive, you can pass in a range
const manager = new WebSocketManager({
	token: process.env.DISCORD_TOKEN,
	intents: 0,
	rest,
	shardCount: 8,

> 	shards: {

Reviewer 2: isn't it shardIds?

		start: 0,
		end: 4,
	},
});
```

> ### You can also have the shards spawned in `worker_thread`s.

Reviewer: This heading feels out of place with the full stop at the end as others don't?

How about "Specify `worker_threads`" and state "You can also have..." underneath?
